Zhao Kai, don't you like to dance?
Dance for me
How dare you do this to my family
Aren't you afraid of my Zhao family's revenge?
What is the Zhao family?
In my eyes, it's nothing but beauty
Good idea.
How dare you not take my Zhao family seriously
I suggest you put them down quickly
Or I'll leave you dead
Instead of leaving me dead
You might as well take care of them
Qinghong put them down
Xiao Kai Li Hui
Woman, I'm not done with you
Woman, you hurt my family
My Zhao family will not let you go
My Zhao family is the leading family in Jiangcheng
You provoke me
You are dead.
The faucet is stepped up
Ridiculous so reasonable
In front of me, your Zhao family is a dragon
The tiger has to lie down
If I let you live
You can give birth
If I let you die
No one dares to give you a way out